Update PR template to include commit message instructions (#49192)
Homebrew/homebrew-core: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--

Please make sure the commit message would be as follows:
# For new formula
The commit message should be `<formula> <version> (new formula)`

> # For bump the version of the formula (also highly recommend to use `brew bump-formula-pr <formula>` command)

Reviewer: Another suggestion:

```suggestion
# Using `brew bump-formula-pr` to bump a version of a formula is highly recommended as it does everything for you. If that command doesn't work or you choose to do the version bump manually, your commit message should look like:
```

The commit message should be `<formula> <version>`

# For submitting a new patch for the formula

> The commit message should be `<formula>: short-description-for-the-change`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The commit message should be `<formula>: short-description-of-the-change`
```
